README.md, before:

# React Native Unicons

1000+ Pixel-perfect vector icons as React Native Components. These icons are designed by [Iconscout](https://iconscout.com).

## Prerequisites
This library uses [react-native-svg](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-svg) to render svg icons. Therefore this library needs to be installed & linked into your project to work.

You can install it by:
```bash
npm install --save react-native-svg
react-native link react-native-svg
```
Facing issues? [Click here](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-svg) to link it manually.

## Getting Started
You can easily install [react-native-unicons](https://iconscout.com/unicons) using npm.
```bash
npm install --save @iconscout/react-native-unicons
```
## Usage
### Use individual icons
```js
import UilReact from '@iconscout/react-native-unicons/icons/uil-react'

const App = () => {
  return <UilReact size="140" color="#61DAFB" />
};

export default App;
````

You can customize icons as below:
```html
<Unicons.UilReact size="140" color="#61DAFB" />
```

### Usage as full Package
```js
import * as Unicons from '@iconscout/react-native-unicons';

const App = () => {
  return <Unicons.UilReact />
};

export default App;
````

### More ways
- [React-unicons](https://github.com/Iconscout/react-unicons)
- [Vue-unicons](https://github.com/antonreshetov/vue-unicons) by [Anton Reshetov](https://github.com/antonreshetov)
- [Vector SVGs](https://iconscout.com/unicons)
- [Icon Font](https://github.com/Iconscout/unicons)

## Contributing
We will be happy to have community support for Unicons. Feel free to fork and create pull requests. We have given a small roadmap above so that you can help us build these features.

### Icon Requests
We've created a thread at [Iconscout Community](https://discuss.iconscout.com/new-topic?title=Icon%20Request:%20%3Cicon%3E&body=Hey%20there,%20%3Cicon%3E%20will%20be%20great%20fit%20for%20Unicons.%20I%20would%20love%20to%20use%20it!&category=Unicons&tags=requests) where you can request for new icons. And we'll be happy to design them in upcoming weeks.

## License
Unicons are Open Source icons and licensed under [Apache 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt). You're free to use these icons in your personal and commercial project. We would love to see the attribution in your app's **about** screen, but it's not mandatory.
```html
React Native Unicons by <a href="https://iconscout.com/">Iconscout</a>
```

Commit message:

Release 2.0.0 (#62)
* Update from https://github.com/Iconscout/unicons/commit/762cff95e84f69b38a69520658696c433b610b37 for package

* fix: unicons v4 & update license

* [create-pull-request] automated change (#63)

* [create-pull-request] automated change (#64)

---------

Co-authored-by: tarunmangukiya <tarunmangukiya@hotmail.com>

README.md, after:

# React Native Unicons

4,500+ Pixel-perfect vector icons as React Native Components. These icons are designed by [IconScout](https://iconscout.com).

## Prerequisites
This library uses [react-native-svg](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-svg) to render svg icons. Therefore this library needs to be installed & linked into your project to work.

You can install it by:
```bash
npm install --save react-native-svg
react-native link react-native-svg
```
Facing issues? [Click here](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-svg) to link it manually.

## Getting Started
You can easily install [react-native-unicons](https://iconscout.com/unicons) using npm.
```bash
npm install --save @iconscout/react-native-unicons
```
## Usage
### Use individual icons
```js
import UilReact from '@iconscout/react-native-unicons/icons/uil-react'

const App = () => {
  return <UilReact size="140" color="#61DAFB" />
};

export default App;
````

You can customize icons as below:
```html
<Unicons.UilReact size="140" color="#61DAFB" />
```

### Usage as full Package
```js
import * as Unicons from '@iconscout/react-native-unicons';

const App = () => {
  return <Unicons.UilReact />
};

export default App;
````

### More ways
- [React-unicons](https://github.com/Iconscout/react-unicons)
- [Vue-unicons](https://github.com/antonreshetov/vue-unicons) by [Anton Reshetov](https://github.com/antonreshetov)
- [Vector SVGs](https://iconscout.com/unicons)
- [Icon Font](https://github.com/Iconscout/unicons)

## Contributing
We will be happy to have community support for Unicons. Feel free to fork and create pull requests. We have given a small roadmap above so that you can help us build these features.

### Request icons
Can't find the icon you are looking for? No worries, we will design it for you. And we'll be happy to design them in upcoming weeks.

[Request Icon](mailto:support@iconscout.com)

## License
Unicons are Open Source icons and licensed under [IconScout Simple License](https://iconscout.com/licenses#simple_license). You're free to use these icons in your personal and commercial project. We would love to see the attribution in your app's **about** screen, but it's not mandatory.
```html
React Native Unicons by <a href="https://iconscout.com/">IconScout</a>
```
